But mom and dad will definitely win.
Xiyue, don’t worry,
You wake up. The Chen family invited me,
I will definitely get it for you. Did you know that invitation from the wise master also means kindness?
When we taste your home, we will know hundreds of billions.
I can't get you Zhao Zi. You are not me,
You can still get it. Originally, what happened with Zhao just now has already been promised to our Zhizun to invite him.
I was all beaten up by you.
But brother-in-law, can you really do it?
Miss. Dad can definitely do it.
If you really do it, I'll get it for you.
There is no solution even for us to start a family.
Lin Dong is Kai Lin Wu million
Take him and leave Tianhai City
I will take care of things during your one day with the Zhao family.
Didn't you always want to know
I'll tell you in a moment
I am Lin Dong and I am back
Miss Lin’s Secret Soul
The important person in the temple
Return of the heroic dragon lord
Help your birth parents learn more about your return
So I'm on my way again
They came here to join in the fun?